Four-part tutorial series for tasks (#564)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/tasks/query-task-data.md

---
title: "Querying Task Documents"
linkTitle: Querying Task Documents 
description: >
  Querying the data which results from an example task. Notes on the performance implications of tasks.
relatedContent: >
  apps/tutorials/tasks-1
  core/overview/db-schema#tasks
  core/overview/data-flows-for-analytics
---

{{% pageinfo %}}
This guide explains the data which results from tasks and how to query it.

- Write a PostgreSQL query to examine task data
- Build deeper understanding of task data
- Present some data considerations of which task authors should remain mindful
{{% /pageinfo %}}

## Prerequisites

* [Data Flows for Analytics]({{< ref "core/overview/data-flows-for-analytics" >}})

## Querying task data

> The task system running on each user's device is powered by [task documents]({{ < ref "core/overview/db-schema#tasks" >}}) and those task documents sync to the server and to postgres just like a contact or a report. For more information, check out [data flows for analytics]({{< ref "core/overview/data-flows-for-analytics" >}}). Having task documents in Postgres allows system administrators to analyse how users are interacting with tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task system running on each user's device is powered by [task documents]({{< ref "core/overview/db-schema#tasks" >}}) and those task documents sync to the server and to PostgreSQL just like a contact or a report. Having task documents in PostgreSQL allows system administrators to analyse how users are interacting with tasks.

{{< see-also page="core/overview/data-flows-for-analytics" title="Data flows for analytics" >}}
```

Author: don't like this cross-reference?

Reviewer: The cross-reference is fine. My suggestion here is to emphasize it using the 'see-also' tag. Both are fine by me though. The second part of the suggestion is to use have PostgreSQL in full rather than Postgres.

Author: Sorry! Maybe I didn't read the whole thing. Accepting
